Look, I'm getting paid.
What a coincidence, I also got paid
8,134.6 so much
Wife, since we are paid
How about we go shopping tomorrow?
Well, it's getting late.
Let's go to bed early.
Go
The diamonds here are all 6-digit
It's too expensive. What's there to see?
It's expensive, we'll see why it's expensive.
What's the point of being expensive, right?
Just made over 8,000 and spent it
Just take a look
It's not expensive, oops.
tour total tour total
Uh, store manager
Call away any man you see
Just like seeing a beautiful woman
Do you have a diamond ring of high quality and low price?
The kind with a price of about a few thousand dollars?
Yes, yes, yes, you see, people say yes.
Let's go in and have a look.
Come and have a look!
It seems that You always want to pick up girls without revealing your identity
Then I have to perform well
See which one you like.
Well, this one, this one.
This one is negligible.
Hey
You always want to look big
Please two inside please
Let me see.
Wow, so big!
This looks good.
Let's have a try.
But at least 1 million
Don't 1 million?
This diamond is actually man-made.
Only 5,000 yuan 5,000
That 500 brush